# This does not cover all the code in edx-platform but it's a good start.

# Core
common/djangoapps/student/                 @edx/platform-core
common/djangoapps/third_party_auth/        @edx/platform-authn
common/lib/xmodule/xmodule/                @edx/platform-core
lms/djangoapps/course_api/blocks           @edx/platform-core
lms/djangoapps/courseware/                 @edx/platform-core
lms/djangoapps/grades/                     @edx/platform-grades
lms/djangoapps/instructor/                 @edx/platform-core
lms/djangoapps/instructor_task/            @edx/platform-core
lms/djangoapps/mobile_api/                 @edx/platform-mobile
openedx/core/djangoapps/contentserver/     @edx/platform-core
openedx/core/djangoapps/heartbeat/         @edx/platform-core
openedx/core/djangoapps/oauth_dispatch     @edx/platform-authn
openedx/core/djangoapps/user_api/          @edx/platform-authn
openedx/core/djangoapps/user_authn/        @edx/platform-authn
openedx/features/course_experience/        @edx/platform-courseware

# Core Extensions 
common/lib/xmodule/xmodule/capa_module.py  @edx/platform-core-extensions
common/lib/xmodule/xmodule/html_module.py  @edx/platform-core-extensions
common/lib/xmodule/xmodule/video_module    @edx/platform-core-extensions
lms/djangoapps/discussion/                 @edx/platform-core-extensions
lms/djangoapps/edxnotes                    @edx/platform-core-extensions

# Analytics
common/djangoapps/track/                   @edx/edx-data-engineering

# Credentials
lms/djangoapps/certificates/               @edx/platform-credentials

# Discovery
common/djangoapps/course_modes/            @edx/platform-discovery
common/djangoapps/enrollment/              @edx/platform-discovery
lms/djangoapps/commerce/                   @edx/rev-team
lms/djangoapps/experiments/                @edx/rev-team
lms/djangoapps/learner_dashboard/          @edx/platform-discovery
openedx/features/content_type_gating/      @edx/rev-team
openedx/features/course_duration_limits/   @edx/rev-team
openedx/features/discounts/                @edx/rev-team